Monty was described as a lovable character, an amazing character, a man of the people
I would describe him. Nothing was ever too much trouble for him. He was the most generous
person you would ever wish to meet. He never charged any charity or anybody for anything.
Even to this day I've had conversations with people who remember him from those days. Even
An old teacher of mine from Marlborough Road School where he used to give them the decorations
at Christmas to decorate the school via us, myself and my two sisters. My recollections
of him, he smoked until he was about 75. He never ever took a driving test. He drove on
the wrong side of the road. If anybody was in his way he would just beep and it wasn't
until the age of, I think he was about 90 that his license was taken away from him after
he had an accident with a Rolls Royce. In my youth, obviously I was very close to Monty,
he used to take me to the football and introduce me to Cardiff City, which I still support
today. When I was very, very young, sort of under the age of 10, he used to take me along
and he was very friendly with all the police officers. He knew everybody and he used to
hand me to a police officer and tell him to take me into the ground and he used to walk
me through the front door down the tunnel and lift me up and put me into the enclosure
and tell whoever I was standing next to to look after me till after the game. I'd watch
the game and then the policeman would come and pick me up and I remember his name was
Sergeant Perks and he used to pick me up and take me back out and give me back to my grandfather
who would then take me home. And then in 1967, at the age of 12, I got my first season ticket
and I used to sit up in the grandstand near my grandfather and the fishers and I've been
a supporter ever since.